# About Us

---

The Accessible Telecoms project is Australia’s first independent and up-to-date
guide to mainstream and assistive telecommunication products suitable for people
with disability. This is a free service that can be used by anyone, including
people with disability, their families and carers, service providers and
advocates.

This service is an initiative of the Australian Communications Consumer Action
Network (ACCAN) to address the lack of consolidated, independent and up-to-date
information about accessibility features of telecommunications equipment
available in Australia. The service was developed in 2018 with a 2-year
National Disability Insurance Agency (NDIA) ILC grant. During 2021 the service
has been funded by Telstra, Optus, TPG Telecom, Apple, Samsung, Google, ZTE and
Motorola with the assistance of the Australian Mobile Telecommunications
Association (AMTA).

The Accessible Telecoms Project is supervised by ACCAN’S Inclusion Team and has
been developed with the input of an advisory committee formed by experts on
senior and disability matters. The input of this committee is reflected on the
types of products listed on the website, the accessibility features included for
each device and the accessibility of the webpage among other topics.

ACCAN is Australia’s peak communications consumer organisation representing
individuals, small businesses and not-for-profit groups as consumers of
communications products and services. ACCAN focuses on goods and services
encompassed by the converged areas of telecommunications, broadcasting, the
internet and online services, including both current and emerging technologies.

To learn more about ACCAN, visit www.accan.org.au

Have questions about Accessible Telecoms? Please email your enquiry to
accessibletelecoms@accan.org.au